Grids AI Assistant: Add API Descriptions Part 2 (#8767)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/aiIntegration.md

Binds the {WidgetName} to an AI service.

---
The DevExtreme {WidgetName} ships with the following AI features:

- AI Columns
- AI Assistant

> To activate AI functionality, configure **aiIntegration** and specify {WidgetName} properties as follows:

Reviewer: `To activate AI functionality` sounds a bit vague. Any AI functionality? Specific AI functionality? All AI functionality?

Author: We can add clarity as follows:
```suggestion
To activate these AI features, configure **aiIntegration** and specify {WidgetName} properties as follows:
```
